feat(cli): expose CLI signer flags as environment variables (#8327)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/cli-signer-env-vars.md

---
'tauri-cli': 'patch:enhance'
---

> Added the following env vars to the `tauri signer sign` command to allow you to use in CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the following env vars when using the `tauri signer sign` command to make it easier to use in CI.
```
